

## Set up a basic HTML file structure with index.html, styles.css, and app.js files.

Follow the steps below to create the necessary HTML file structure for your web development project:

### Step 1: Open Visual Studio Code and Create a New File

1. Open Visual Studio Code.
2. Click on the "File" menu at the top left corner and select "New File" from the dropdown menu.
3. A new, untitled file will be opened in the editor.

### Step 2: Create the HTML File (index.html)

1. In the untitled file, start by adding the HTML doctype declaration at the top of the file. It specifies that the file is an HTML5 document. Add the following code:
    
    ```html
    <!DOCTYPE html>
    ```

2. Next, create the opening and closing `<html>` tags. Inside these tags, you will define the structure of your HTML document. Add the following code:

    ```html
    <html>
    
    </html>
    ```

### Step 3: Create the Head Section

1. Within the `<html>` tags, create the opening and closing `<head>` tags. The head section contains metadata and other information about the HTML document. Add the following code:

    ```html
    <html>
      <head>
    
      </head>
    </html>
    ```

2. Inside the `<head>` tags, create the opening and closing `<title>` tags. The title tag specifies the title of the web page, which is displayed in the browser's title bar or tab. Add the following code:

    ```html
    <html>
      <head>
        <title>My Web Project</title>
      </head>
    </html>
    ```

### Step 4: Link External CSS and JavaScript Files

1. Within the `<head>` tags, create the opening and closing `<link>` tags to link the external CSS file. The CSS file will be used to style your web page. Add the following code:

    ```html
    <html>
      <head>
        <title>My Web Project</title>
        <link rel="stylesheet" href="styles.css">
      </head>
    </html>
    ```

2. After the `<link>` tag for the CSS file, create the opening and closing `<script>` tags to link the external JavaScript file. The JavaScript file will contain the logic and functionality for your web page. Add the following code:

    ```html
    <html>
      <head>
        <title>My Web Project</title>
        <link rel="stylesheet" href="styles.css">
        <script src="app.js"></script>
      </head>
    </html>
    ```

### Step 5: Create the Body Section

Below the `<head>` section, create the opening and closing `<body>` tags. Inside the body tags, you will define the content that will be displayed on your web page. Add the following code:

```html
<html>
  <head>
    <title>My Web Project</title>
    <link rel="stylesheet" href="styles.css">
    <script src="app.js"></script>
  </head>
  <body>

  </body>
</html>
```

### Step 6: Save the File with the Appropriate Name

1. Click on the "File" menu at the top left corner and select "Save" from the dropdown menu.
2. Choose a suitable location to save the file and provide the name "index.html".
3. Click on the "Save" button.

