# Beginner's Guide: Sending Notifications to Relevant Users

In this guide, we will learn how to send notifications to relevant users when a new review is posted in our project. We will follow a step-by-step approach to implement this feature.

## Step 1: Identify Relevant Users
Before sending notifications, we need to identify the relevant users who should receive the notification. In the context of new reviews, you may want to notify the author of the reviewed item or any other users who have expressed interest in that item.

1. Determine the criteria for identifying relevant users. For example, if users can subscribe to receive notifications about specific items, you may need to check their subscriptions.

2. Implement the logic to identify relevant users based on the specified criteria. This may involve querying your database or other data sources to retrieve the necessary user information.

## Step 2: Set Up a Notification System
To send notifications to users, we need to establish a notification system in our project. There are various ways to implement this, but for real-time notifications, we will use WebSockets as discussed in a previous task.

1. Refer to the "Set up a real-time notification mechanism using WebSockets" guide to set up the WebSocket server and establish a connection between the server and clients.

2. Make sure you have implemented the necessary logic to handle incoming WebSocket messages on the client-side.

## Step 3: Prepare the Notification Data
Before sending the notification, we need to prepare the data that will be included in the notification message. The data should provide relevant information about the new review to be displayed to the users.

1. Identify the essential details that should be included in the notification, such as the title of the reviewed item, the reviewer's name, or any other relevant information.

2. Format the notification data in a suitable format, such as JSON, to ensure it can be easily transmitted over the WebSocket connection.

## Step 4: Send the Notification
With the WebSocket server set up and the notification data prepared, we can now send the notification to the relevant users.

1. Identify the appropriate location in your code where the new review is processed or saved.

2. After saving the new review, retrieve the relevant user information based on the criteria determined in Step 1.

3. Iterate over the list of relevant users and send the notification to each user.

4. Construct the notification message using the prepared notification data and send it to the user's WebSocket connection.

Here's an example of how you can send the notification using JavaScript on the server-side:

```javascript
const notification = {
  type: 'new-review',
  title: 'New Review Posted',
  message: 'A new review has been posted for Item XYZ.',
  // Additional notification data
};

// Assuming you have a list of relevant user connections
relevantUserConnections.forEach(function(connection) {
  connection.send(JSON.stringify(notification));
});
```
