# Creating a Navigation Bar with Links to Different Pages

In this guide, we will focus on creating a navigation bar for our Travel Agency website. The navigation bar will contain links to different pages of the website, allowing users to navigate easily between sections. This task is part of "Module 1: Setup and Basic Layout" of the project.

## Step 1: Open the HTML File
1. Open the `index.html` file in a text editor of your choice. This file is located inside the `pages` folder of your project.

## Step 2: Add the Navigation Bar
1. Inside the `<body>` tags of the `index.html` file, add the following code to create the navigation bar:

```html
<header>
    <nav>
        <ul>
            <li><a href="#">Home</a></li>
            <li><a href="#">Destinations</a></li>
            <li><a href="#">Packages</a></li>
            <li><a href="#">Experiences</a></li>
            <li><a href="#">Contact</a></li>
            <li><a href="#">About Us</a></li>
        </ul>
    </nav>
</header>
```

Let's break down the code:

- `<header>`: This element represents the header section of your webpage.
- `<nav>`: This element represents the navigation section.
- `<ul>`: This element represents an unordered list that will contain the navigation links.
- `<li>`: This element represents a list item.
- `<a href="#">`: This is an anchor link (`<a>`) with a `href` attribute set to "#" for now. Replace the "#" with the actual links once they are created.

## Step 3: Style the Navigation Bar
1. To style the navigation bar, you can add CSS code to the `style.css` file located in the `css` folder of your project. If the file doesn't exist, create it inside the `css` folder.

2. Open the `style.css` file in a text editor and add the following code:

```css
/* Add some basic styling to the navigation bar */
header {
  background-color: #333;
  color: #fff;
}

nav ul {
  list-style-type: none;
  margin: 0;
  padding: 0;
}

nav ul li {
  display: inline-block;
}

nav ul li a {
  display: block;
  padding: 10px;
  color: #fff;
  text-decoration: none;
}
```

The code above provides some basic styling for the navigation bar. It sets the background color of the header to `#333` (dark gray) and the text color to `#fff` (white). It also removes the default list styles, displays the list items inline, and adds some padding to the links for better spacing.

## Step 4: Save the Changes and Review
1. Save the changes made to the `index.html` and `style.css` files.
2. Open the `index.html` file in your web browser to review the navigation bar with the links to different pages. At this point, the links will not navigate to any specific pages since we haven't created them yet.

