

## Link CSS and JavaScript Files to HTML

1. Open your text editor or integrated development environment (IDE).

2. Navigate to the project folder where you have set up the basic file structure.

3. Locate the `index.html` file and open it in your text editor or IDE.

4. Within the `<head>` section of the HTML file, add the following code to link the CSS file:

   ```html
   <link rel="stylesheet" href="styles.css">
   ```

   This code uses the `<link>` element with the `rel` attribute set to `"stylesheet"` to specify that the linked file is a CSS file. The `href` attribute specifies the path to the `styles.css` file.

5. Within the `<body>` section of the HTML file, add the following code to link the JavaScript file:

   ```html
   <script src="script.js"></script>
   ```

   This code uses the `<script>` element to include the JavaScript file. The `src` attribute specifies the path to the `script.js` file.

6. Save the `index.html` file.

7. Now, the CSS and JavaScript files are linked to the HTML file. The CSS styles defined in `styles.css` will be applied to the HTML elements, and the JavaScript code written in `script.js` will be executed when the HTML page loads.

8. To verify that the files are correctly linked, open the `index.html` file in a web browser.

   - Make sure the web browser is not displaying a cached version of the page by refreshing the page or clearing the cache.
   - Right-click on the `index.html` file and select "Open with" or "Open in" to choose your preferred web browser.

9. Congratulations! You have successfully linked the CSS and JavaScript files to the HTML file. You can now proceed to add styles and functionality to your web application using CSS and JavaScript, respectively.

   Make sure to update the `styles.css` and `script.js` files as needed, and the changes will be reflected in the HTML file when you reload it in the web browser.

