# Displaying a List of Logged Exercises on the Page

In this task, we will add functionality to display a list of logged exercises on the page. The logged exercises will be stored in an array, and we will dynamically generate the list using JavaScript. Follow the step-by-step guide below to implement this feature.

## Prerequisites

- HTML knowledge
- JavaScript basics
- Code editor or IDE (Integrated Development Environment) installed

## Steps

1. **Open Code Editor**

   Launch your preferred code editor or IDE.

2. **Open the HTML File**

   Open the `index.html` file that contains the exercise logging form in your code editor.

3. **Create an Empty `<ul>` Element**

   Inside the `<body>` element, add an empty `<ul>` element. This element will serve as the container for the list of logged exercises.

   ```html
   <body>
     <!-- Other HTML content -->

     <ul id="exercise-list"></ul>

     <!-- Rest of the HTML content -->
   </body>
   ```

4. **Create a JavaScript Array to Store Logged Exercises**

   In the `<script>` tag, create an empty array to store the logged exercises. This array will be updated dynamically as new exercises are logged.

   ```html
   <script>
     let exercises = [];
   </script>
   ```

5. **Add a Function to Display the Exercise List**

   Create a JavaScript function called `displayExerciseList()` that will be responsible for generating and displaying the list of logged exercises. This function will be called whenever a new exercise is logged or when the page loads.

   ```html
   <script>
     // Existing code

     function displayExerciseList() {
       const exerciseListContainer = document.getElementById('exercise-list');

       // Clear existing list
       exerciseListContainer.innerHTML = '';

       // Generate list items dynamically
       exercises.forEach((exercise) => {
         const listItem = document.createElement('li');
         listItem.textContent = exercise;
         exerciseListContainer.appendChild(listItem);
       });
     }
   </script>
   ```

   In this example, the function `displayExerciseList()` retrieves the `exercise-list` container element, clears any existing list items, and dynamically generates list items for each exercise in the `exercises` array.

6. **Update the Form Submission**

   In the `<script>` tag, locate the `validateForm()` function and modify it to include the following code snippet at the end:

   ```html
   <script>
     // Existing code

     function validateForm() {
       // Existing code

       // Add the exercise to the array and display the list
       exercises.push(exerciseName);
       displayExerciseList();
     }
   </script>
   ```

   This code snippet adds the logged exercise name to the `exercises` array and then calls the `displayExerciseList()` function to update the displayed list.

7. **Test the Application**

   Open the `index.html` file in a web browser. Fill in the exercise logging form and submit it. You should see the logged exercise appear in the list on the page. Repeat the process with different exercises to see them added to the list dynamically.
