

## Create a JavaScript file named "script.js" and link it to the HTML file using the `<script>` tag

1. In your project folder, create a new file named "script.js" using a text editor or an integrated development environment (IDE).
2. Save the file with the name "script.js".
   - For example, in Visual Studio Code, you can go to `File -> New File` and then save the file as "script.js" using `File -> Save` or the shortcut `Ctrl + S`.
3. Open your "index.html" file in the same text editor or IDE.
4. Inside the `<head>` section of the "index.html" file, add the following `<script>` tag to link the JavaScript file:

   ```html
   <!DOCTYPE html>
   <html lang="en">
   <head>
       <!-- Previous HTML code -->
       <script src="script.js"></script>
   </head>
   <body>
       <!-- Remaining HTML code -->
   </body>
   </html>
   ```

   Explanation:
   - The `<script>` tag is used to embed or reference external JavaScript code within an HTML file.
   - The `src` attribute specifies the path or URL of the JavaScript file to be linked. In this case, we set it to "script.js" since the file is located in the same directory as the HTML file.
   - Placing the `<script>` tag inside the `<head>` section ensures that the JavaScript code is loaded before the rest of the HTML content.

5. Switch to the "script.js" file.
6. Declare an array variable to store the class names. Add the following code to your "script.js" file:

   ```javascript
   // script.js
   var classNames = ["Yoga", "Pilates", "Zumba", "Spinning"];
   ```
   
   Explanation:
   - We declare a variable named `classNames` using the `var` keyword.
   - The variable is assigned an array containing sample class names as string values.
   - You can modify or add more class names to the array as per your requirements.

7. Save the "script.js" file.

