# Storing Exercise Data in a Database

In this guide, we will focus on storing exercise data in a database and associating it with the logged-in user. By doing so, we can track the workout history and progress of each user in our workout tracking app. Follow the steps below to accomplish this task.

## Step 1: Set Up a MongoDB Database

To store exercise data, we will use MongoDB, a popular NoSQL database. Follow these steps to set up a MongoDB database:

1. Install MongoDB on your machine by visiting the official MongoDB website (https://www.mongodb.com/) and following the installation instructions for your operating system.

2. Once MongoDB is installed, open a terminal or command prompt and start the MongoDB server by running the following command:

   ```bash
   mongod
   ```

   MongoDB will start running on the default port `27017`.

3. Open a new terminal or command prompt window and run the MongoDB shell by executing the following command:

   ```bash
   mongo
   ```

   This will open the MongoDB shell, where you can interact with the database.

4. In the MongoDB shell, create a new database for your workout tracking app by running the following command:

   ```bash
   use workout_tracker
   ```

   This command switches to the `workout_tracker` database. If the database doesn't exist, MongoDB will create it.

## Step 2: Create a Collection for Exercises

In MongoDB, data is organized into collections. We will create a collection called `exercises` to store exercise data. Follow these steps to create the collection:

1. In the MongoDB shell, run the following command to create the `exercises` collection:

   ```bash
   db.createCollection("exercises")
   ```

2. Verify that the collection is created by running the following command:

   ```bash
   show collections
   ```

   This command will display a list of all collections in the current database. You should see the `exercises` collection in the list.

## Step 3: Define Exercise Schema

A schema defines the structure of the data stored in a collection. In this step, we will define the exercise schema using MongoDB's JSON-like syntax. Follow these steps to define the exercise schema:

1. In your project directory, create a new file called `exercise.js`.

2. Open the `exercise.js` file in your preferred code editor.

3. Add the following code to define the exercise schema:

   ```javascript
   const mongoose = require("mongoose");

   const exerciseSchema = new mongoose.Schema({
     name: {
       type: String,
       required: true,
     },
     duration: {
       type: Number,
       required: true,
     },
     calories: {
       type: Number,
       required: true,
     },
     userId: {
       type: mongoose.Schema.Types.ObjectId,
       ref: "User",
       required: true,
     },
   });

   module.exports = mongoose.model("Exercise", exerciseSchema);
   ```

   This code defines the exercise schema with fields such as `name`, `duration`, `calories`, and `userId`. The `userId` field is a reference to the user who performed the exercise, linking the exercise data to the logged-in user.

4. Save the `exercise.js` file.

## Step 4: Store Exercise Data in the Database

Now that we have the exercise schema defined, we can store exercise data in the database. Follow these steps to store exercise data:

1. In the file where you handle exercise creation (e.g., `exerciseController.js`), import the `Exercise` model and any other necessary dependencies:

   ```javascript
   const Exercise = require("../path/to/exercise.js");
   ```



2. When a user submits the exercise form, collect the relevant data (e.g., exercise name, duration, calories) and the logged-in user's ID.

3. Create a new instance of the `Exercise` model and populate it with the collected data:

   ```javascript
   const exercise = new Exercise({
     name: "Push-ups",
     duration: 10,
     calories: 100,
     userId: req.user.id, // Replace `req.user.id` with the actual user ID from your authentication system
   });
   ```

4. Save the exercise data to the database by calling the `save` method on the `exercise` instance:

   ```javascript
   exercise.save((err) => {
     if (err) {
       console.error(err);
       // Handle the error appropriately (e.g., show an error message to the user)
     } else {
       // Exercise data saved successfully
       // Perform any necessary actions (e.g., redirect to a different page)
     }
   });
   ```

   If the save operation encounters an error, it will be logged to the console. Otherwise, you can perform additional actions as needed.

